- [Kevin] Now. we're going to start work on a new feature
that way you're able to see GitHub flow in action.
For this feature, we'll add a second course to our webpage.
So here in LinkedIn Learning, I'm going to copy
the embedded markup for my course, GitOps Foundations.
All right, with that in the clipboard,
let's head over to a Git Bash terminal
and here we're going to check out the main branch.
Once we're on the main branch, we'll go ahead
and do a pull to fetch the latest changes
from the team's shared repository.
Now, let's create a feature branch where we can perform
our development work for this new feature.
I'm going to name the branch feature/kb-123
and then second-course.
All right, now we have our new feature branch.
Let's go ahead and we'll open up the index.md file
with Visual Studio code so that we can make our changes.
Here in the file, I'm just going to paste the markup
for the second course below the first one.
After I've saved these changes, we can navigate back
to our Git Bash shell, then using Git
I'll go ahead and commit these changes.
We'll say that we've added a second course
in our commit message.
And with those changes committed,
we can push our feature branch to our shared repository.
(typing)
All right, now the changes are
in our feature branch and we've pushed it to GitHub.
So let's head over to GitHub,
and we'll create a pull request to merge
our changes in the feature branch
into the main branch, that way it can be released.
You'll notice GitHub has picked up
on our changes in the branch so we'll go ahead
and start the process of creating the pull request.
Once I create the pull request
we can go ahead and merge it into our main branch,
which is going to cause the changes
to be deployed for our website.
Now that we've merged the pull request
I'm going to go ahead and I'll delete our feature branch.
Now, let's head over to the actions,
and we can see how the deployment's going.
All right, it looks like our site was deployed.
Let's go check it out.
There it is now, we have two courses on our page, excellent.
Before we wrap up, let's talk through one more scenario.
Let's say that there was a problem
with our change that needed hot fixed.
In GitHub flow, we just follow the same steps
that we just took to fall forward and fix the problem.
It's the same development workflow,
and there's no need for a hot fix branch.
So you can see how GitHub flow simplified our workflow
which is great, but there's some other things
you'll need to do to make this workflow successful.
So let's start there in our next lesson.